yo what up you guys it's me awesome ran
a cannery but before we start this
commenter i'd like to give a big shout
out to my friends 675 walker he donated
this be sass gameplay thank you thank
you thank you his channel will be in the
description
he's news to go easy on him alright
let's get started with this juicy ass
comment or you know juicy ass topic of
the day you know i'm like all freakin
saliva everywhere right now mmm I'm
sorry I'm just kidding but it starts off
with minnesotaburns minnesotaburns is
paying somebody $200 is 200 moolah
that's a lot of money to expose Mike
Burke that he's really fuckin booster
come on man come on Minnesota burns your
reputation is still good everyone still
love you I still love you so why are you
overreacting you gotta chill the fuck
out
you got almost a million subscriber at
Mike Burke only has 4,000 who's gonna
win of course you you got a chill man if
you're overreacting then everyone's
gonna go against you trust me now with
you you're gonna go against you and now
they're gonna be at Mike Burke trust me
little by little everyone's getting
exposed and you're getting exposed a lot
so you got a chill you know you got a
zip you know ya get all that good stuff
next one Woody's gamertags daughter
exposed what he himself the father but
he's a money or in the livestream video
or the family night movie night whatever
you want to call it there's a I was
called a youtuber or a random guy asked
the question about why are u
livestreaming with your family woody and
the doll responds we live stream because
we make money and we're watching a video
so we're making money and watching a
video and what he's like don't say that
but in a whisper boys cuz everyone's
gonna bug in it you know heard it so
basically what he's daughter exposed
what he himself and that's some bullshit
but I don't really give a fuck cuz
woody you know left his job so this is
gonna be a spool time job to support his
family he's not a money or he's just
making money and I completely agree with
that also
what do you scam her tax son someone
just linked it up automatically
he touched the dog's dildo you know he
touch the dog's dick like so bestiality
shit like fucking touching that shit but
I don't have to say anything about that
cuz you know what he's gamertags our son
is like you know has a brain problem and
I completely agree what happened I'm out
good I have nothing against that but
people are doing some crazy shit doing
some mean-ass shit just to expose
woodysgamertag I'm out you guys please
subscribe and comment for more drama
lates